China was traditionally a rural nation
but it's predicted that by 2030 China's
cities will be home to one in eight
people on the planet this country is
undergone an economic transformation at
ten times the speed of the original
Industrial Revolution in the center of
Chongqing is the people's liberation
square renamed to celebrate the
communist conquest of the area
[Music]
ironically it's now home to a roll call
of international luxury brands is this
the new Chinese dream really consumerism
why stuff have a new handbag that's of
course there's a trend and fashion
especially for people gathered richer
than before and they want to have such
kind of products just like international
products it means something to them like
the social status consumerism it's
almost an ideology is and I don't think
just necessarily here
well before China used to be very poor
and we didn't even have enough food eat
so you may imagine when people get rich
of course the first of things they want
to eat good and we're good thing it's
really interesting progressive quote is
so easy to forget that in living memory
this country was so has suffered family
yeah but at a very very beginning you
have to have money to buy food to buy a
house but later on you need to founder
what really means
important to you
there are more than 300 million
middle-class Chinese now they're the
world's biggest consumers of luxury
goods but it seems that even many of
those who have obtained at least a
degree of material wealth want more
meaning in their lives than just the
chance to go shopping tens of millions
are turning to religious states near the
center of Chongqing not far from the
Yangtze a Buddhist temple stands proud
among the skyscrapers and shopping malls
hemmed in this temple is onna there's
been a temple here for nearly a thousand
years skyscrapers
[Music]
it's quite the low Asus isn't it
tranquil this is a big happy Buddha
[Music]
although China is officially an atheist
country survey suggests up to 85 percent
of people here believing something
either spiritual or religious
[Music]
first we can light this candle according
to a Buddhist to light the candle myth
like the candle of your heart with your
heart bright under the bride can goes to
everywhere especially the dark place and
then you can bring the light to other
people and walk that's a meaning william
pray
[Music]
do you pray for Lele I pray for three
things the first for my parents
the second for for all the people for
the world and a certain one is for
myself
family planet himself go for that
as China's economy has grown so has the
damage the country is doing to the
environment when it comes to pollution
China is one of the world's worst
offenders and many people believe it
will take more than just prayers to save
the planet
you